Add begin() function to class example as best practice (#849)
arduino/docs-content: content/learn/08.contributions/03.arduino-creating-library-guide/arduino-creating-library-guide.md

#include "Morse.h"
```

Then comes the constructor. Again, this explains what should happen when someone creates an instance of your class. In this case, the user specifies which pin they would like to use. The constructor records that in a private variable for use in the other functions:

```arduino
Morse::Morse(int pin)
{
  _pin = pin;
}
```

There are a couple of strange things in this code. First is the **Morse::** before the name of the function. This says that the function is part of the **Morse** class. You'll see this again in the other functions in the class. The second unusual thing is the underscore in the name of our private variable, `_pin`. This variable can actually have any name you want, as long as it matches the definition in the header file. Adding an underscore to the start of the name is a common convention to make it clear which variables are private, and also to distinguish the name from that of the argument to the function (**pin** in this case).

> Next, you'll create a `begin()` function that will be called in `setup()`, after the hardware has been initialized by the Arduino main function. In our example, we need to set the pin as an output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you'll create a `begin()` function to handle hardware configuration. This will be called from the `setup()` function of the sketch. Hardware configuration is done in a dedicated function instead of the constructor because the hardware has not yet been initialized at the time the constructor code is executed. In our library, we need to set the pin as an output:
```

- Move explanation of the reason for the `begin` function from the sketch section (accompanies my previous suggestion).
- Replace low level core information (`main`), which is not appropriate for the target reader.
- Avoid use of term "example", which might be interpreted as referring to a documentary sketch included with the library.

Author: Perfect! This also helps drive home the reason for the best practice of including `begin()`.

When this line gets executed (which actually happens even before the `setup()` function), the constructor for the `Morse` class will be called, and passed the argument you've given here (in this case, just 13).

> Notice that our `setup()` now has a call to `morse.begin()` which will make a call to `pinMode()` inside the library. It is best practice to have hardware initialization calls like `pinMode()` take place in `setup()` which is why we created the `begin()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that our `setup()` now has a call to `morse.begin()` which configure the pin that was set in the constructor.
```

This section of the tutorial is focused on the sketch code, so it should not contain low level information about the library. That type of content should be in the section of the tutorial focused on the library code.

Author: Sold!  I would just change "configure" to "configures" for subject-verb agreement.

```arduino
Morse	KEYWORD1

> begin KEYWORD2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
begin	KEYWORD2
```
`keywords.txt` uses a tab-separated data format, and doesn't support space separators:

https://arduino.github.io/arduino-cli/dev/library-specification/#keywordstxt-format

Author: Ugh... this gets me every time. My editor is set to expand tabs for python projects. I thought I checked this before I commited, but clearly not.  Thank you! 🙇
